Add FAQ page for doc/On-Premises-FPGA-Getting-Started (#1612)
firesim/firesim: docs/Getting-Started-Guides/On-Premises-FPGA-Getting-Started/Frequently-Asked-Questions/Frequently-Asked-Questions-Template.rst

Reviewer: You need to point to this file in the `index.rst` (otherwise it won't get rendered).

Reviewer: The file should also not be named "Template" since it's not being templatized. Or IMO, this might be better to be added to each FPGA section as a template (i.e. each FPGA part of the docs has it's own FAQ).

Getting Started with On Premises FPGA Frequently Asked Questions
============================================================================================

To streamline the set-up process, we provide fix suggestions to the following errors that might appear during the process for reference.

> **SSH Setup**

Reviewer: This should be a subtitle not bold.

>   ``build bitstream`` process stuck at ::

Reviewer: This isn't unique to just the `buildbitstream`... this happens on a lot of FireSim steps. I would generalize a bit more here.

  
  [localhost] local: pwd

>   [localhost] run: ...

Reviewer: Use the code-block directive (search in other parts of the docs)

>   The manager machine should be able to use ssh protocal to connect to build_farm and run_farm machines without providing password or passphrase duirng the connection process. 

Reviewer: Instead, I would say that there is no passwordless access to the machine in question (i.e. localhost). And I would add a link to SSH setup docs that already exist.

  
  Verify this by using ``ssh`` command from the manager machine. If a password or passphrase prompt appears, ssh-agent can be used to store and automatically provide login credentials. ::
  
  ssh-agent -s > AGENT_VARS
  source AGENT_VARS

>   ssh-add ~/.ssh/firesim.pem

Reviewer: I would try to dedup. this with the other parts of the documentation (for easier future maintenance).

>   Please also note that ssh-agent might need to be set-up each time a new terminal is started. 

Reviewer: Nit: Anything that is referenced in the code (or must be typed in the CLI) should be put in backticks (`)

> **Build Bitstream**

Reviewer: Ditto

  ``protocol version mismatch -- is your shell clean?``
  
  This error is probably due to shell login scripts writing to standard out.
  

>   Edit ``~/.bashrc`` and/or other login scripts to make sure standard out writing commands such as ``echo`` are either commented out or only executed when the shell is in interactive mode(directly receving commands typed by a user).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Edit ``~/.bashrc`` and/or other login scripts to make sure that commands that write to stdout (such as ``echo``) are either commented out or only executed when the shell is in interactive mode (directly receiving commands typed by a user).
```
